All right.
Welcome back my students.
So we have this base set up here and we're going to be setting up their replies in a minute.
Well maybe in a couple of lectures but I just wanted to set this up really quick.
Now one thing to keep in mind is that we don't even have a pulse yet to see.
All right.
So let's set that up so that we can start tweeting comments right.
I got a special file I want you to download.
It's going to be called and that is if I remember it's block files that zipped.
Make sure that you download in this lecture.
All right.
Is going to have 2000 PSI or we could have more but it's on you're watching this.
But it's going to have a file called See block home and blog post.
All right.
That's what we're going to have inside and what we're going to be doing is we're going to be copying
.
We're going to create massive pages for this.
And as a matter of fact we don't have to create a massive page but it would be nice.
So that way we can keep that clean we keep the views clean.
Right.
So let's do that let's create some massive pages for blog at home and blog post the blog home is where
we're going to have your posts and the blog post is the single post page.
So let's do this real quick views layouts and right here we're going to create a new file and this is
going to be called the blog home.
All right.
And the other one is blog post
you like this.
All right cool.
And let's do the blog one first.
And just when I up in here guys right there.
And a copy of that and pasted it in blog home OK and a blog post that they sent in them.
Take that off
a copy of that and now pasted in there.
That said only that we're going to start replacing a lot of this stuff here too.
So keep that in mind.
Another thing that we have to create we have to create.
Like I said the polls right.
So let me just take this out of here.
All right.
So let's create that view real quick because we don't even have a post for this application resources
view.
We will have a post.
So lead post.
All right.
So this is going to extend the layouts that blog post.
And we should create a blog a blog page here if you wanted to.
We're going to deal with that later.
The probably could be like next for features on thing and that's pretty easy to do as a matter of fact
.
How you guys know that will create a leader that's fine let's just leave it that way.
Let's just finish this commenting stuff first section and content
and stop
just for now post because right now we have to create some type of route and the controller for this
right.
Well not a controller we can use this in polls but we need within a row in the polls control that we
can use that.
Let's create a roll real quick so as we go and our role should be public.
All right so we have a bunch of letters out here.
We have admin that we need to take here.
So let's hope this year we'll fix this later.
But right now we need a post so let's create a right here so route get
post and we're going to pass an I.D. right.
That's what we're going to do.
Function.
And then we can pass in the
Nepos view we could do it here or we could take it to the controller.
It's up to you.
Let's do a here now and then later on we can change it.
As a matter of fact let's take it to the view let's take it to the view because if we do it here then
we have to passing a lot of data here and I don't want to do that.
So controller so we're going to save posts for let's check the controller name real quick.
Admen pulse controller
.
We go that we got to give it a minute.
So we're going to say we're going to be at post.
All right.
So let's go to the admin here.
Public Function post
it
works.
All right so we're going to continue this a little bit more on the next lecture.
OK.
All right.
Perfect.
Thank you so much and I'll see you then.
Bye bye.